[Music]
don't you wish you were Arthur what's
the more attractive than you please step
forward
gonna cost you $100 let's make it $200
but I will ask you to sermonize my car
[Applause]
[Music]
how rich are you I wish I had a dime for
every dime I have anticipating your
condition they brought you orange juice
coffee and aspirins or do you need to
throw up
[Music]
this wives like that no marriage
keep smiling six eight eight usually if
I must go to a bowling alley to meet a
woman of your stature I take it this
bomb will be calling you dad he's a
millionaire you have my permission to
marry him I was doing great with you
well you take my hand that would leave
you with one you don't have a coat how
does this year to have all that money it
was great
[Applause]
dumb question this bundle women but I've
weekends off my own boss Dudley Moore is
Arthur
buddy was your mate no I don't you wish
you were either the most fun money can
buy and Orion Pictures released through
Warner Brothers
[Music]